Basic Documentation and workflow for publishing (#84)
nucypher/nucypher-ts: website/docs/intro.md

---
slug: /
sidebar_position: 10
---

# Getting Started

`nucypher-ts` is a typescript library to allow developers to interact with core Nucypher functionality within the browser.

> It is in active development, so please be aware that things may change!

Reviewer: My markdown is a bit rusty, but you probably good to highlight this. (Try the suggestion below before using)

```suggestion
**Note:** `nucypher-ts` is in active development, so please be aware that things may change!
{: .note}
```

If you have any questions, don't hesitate to create an issue on [Github](https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher-ts), or come and say hello in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/RwjHbgA7uQ).

## Installation

Install into your project with:
```
yarn install @nucypher/nucypher-ts
```

## Basic Usage

You can quickly start using Threshold Decryption in the browser.
This requires an active connection to the Ethereum network, in this example we will use the [MetaMask Provider](https://docs.metamask.io/guide/ethereum-provider.html).

```js
import detectEthereumProvider from '@metamask/detect-provider';
import generateTDecEntities from '@nucypher/nucypher-ts'

const provider = await detectEthereumProvider();
const [encrypter, decrypter, _, _] =
  await generateTDecEntities(
    3, // threshold
    5, // shares
    provider, // eth provider, here we use metamask
    'example', // label your configuration
    new Date(), // start date
    new Date(Date.now() + 1000 * 60 * 60 * 24 * 30), // end date (in 30 days)

>     'https://porter-ibex.nucypher.community'

Reviewer: Should we point out that this Porter URI is for testnet.
